- #[[2012 Ford Fusion 3FAHP0JA9CR290609]]
	- Mileage: 259,284
	- Service: All 4 Spark Plugs Changed, Valve Cover Gasket and RTV Seam Filler Replaced
		- Note:
			- This weekend when I went to replace spark plugs, the spark plug above cylinder 4 was submerged in oil.
			- I removed the valve cover, cleaned it, replaced the gaskets covering the spark plug wells in Cylinder 1, 2/3, and 4, the valve cover and replaced the RTV sealant, finished changing the spark plugs, and waited 24 hours for it to cure before starting the vehicle again.
			- During this service I cleaned the valve cover with soapy water, dried it off and lightly coated it with fresh oil. I also cleaned the compacts using electrical contact cleaner and gave the rubber a coat of dialectric grease to help catch debris making its way to the wells.
			- I started the vehicle today, and checked for any more leaks, and it seems to be fixed. This very well could have been the source of the oil leak I found under the vehicle, but until I get back under the car and do another clean I can’t confirm that.
			- I also checked the coil packs with a mechanic’s stethoscope to make sure they were functioning normally, as I was a bit worried about oil fouling.
			- I will still need to check the spark plug wells since it was the area I actually noticed the leak but I will do so tomorrow after work. The commute should add a couple heat cycles and about 30 miles.
			- Before the battery was disconnected, the EVAP leak code had returned. I’m going to replace the EVAP solenoid first instead because the part is cheaper.
